Today is day 124 of the year out of 365 days.

The last time I journaled was on 30th April and I promised to do certain things on 28th:
1. My football academy
2. How I will be a great student 
3. How my social life will, my friends, personality etc.
4. My financial plans
5. My physical plans
6. My career plan
7. Everything should be centered around Jesus and his will

I will speak on this things right now as I set the plan for the month but I would first like to speak about why I had backslid for the past 3 days including today. Last time I journaled I was going to do exams at USIU. Then 1st came which was a public holiday, then 2nd came on Friday where I did my English placement test online from home, then came 3rd which was yesterday which I fully wasted and now I am now here on the 4th.

This what basically happened I fapped twice in the fallen period. I willfully sinned and ignored the Holy Spirit and went into sin willfully. What I did was grotesque and horrible, I defiled my own body. I committed treason against the most high and fell like the biggest betrayer in the world.

I have one passion in my life. It is not to drive fancy cars or big house, but to work hard to advance the kingdom of CHRIST, to preach to the Muslims, Mormons, Atheist, Pagans, Satanist and all nations. My great desire is to serve God and do his will only and I look at myself and ask myself what have I done. How could I commit such a sin. How could I fap and do all other outrageous sins while having the knowledge of truth. What creature am I? Do I have control over myself? Do I really desire to serve GOD??     

This war between flesh and spirit is a real, painful part of the Christian journey. God doesn’t want apology without repentance. He wants a heart turned away from sin and toward Him. So now is the time to make war against this pattern. Not with shame, but with holy urgency.

I will have now decided to Declare war on sin and have a changed relationship with sin. All this distractions I have now cut:
1. I have deleted X on my phone
2. I have decided to only enter social media with purpose and not when bored

I don't want this non sense in my life and should never flirt with sin. I have seen that I was taking Christianity as a part of my life and not my life and so I have decided to become a radical Christian basing everything on the foundation of CHRIST. Some sin I have been fighting for too long and need to stop. I know I will fall but i should not make myself fall man!! 

 I will truly repent and continue running the race. 

I have wasted the first 4 days of this month but I want this month to be a success. The last 4 month have been a failure and it can be the same for this month. I have written the may goals and by the power of Christ may they come true.

I start school tomorrow and by the end of the week I need to have learn't how to be a spectacular student.  I did not do my Math exam well so I need to inquire if I can redo the exam tomorrow, meaning I have to properly revise math today.

So I need to:
1. Create my work-out schedule
2. Learn how to be a A+ student
3. Work on my social skills
4. Lean more into Christ
5. Figure out my financial plan

Thank you, goodnight and may my life be nothing but GOD's will only.