Today is day 175 of the year out of 365 days.

Glory to GOD for I have been granted the gift of life this morning. I have woken up at 4:30AM and I am ready to serve CHRIST. I dedicated today in his hand. My desire today is that I seek CHRIST in all I do. I want to be an ambassador of CHRIST in my thoughts, words and actions. May JESUS grant me the strength to perform this purpose he gave me. AMEN

Today I have an IST1010 Mid-Semester exam at 3:30PM.

 My objectives for the day are:
1. Study for the test
2. Go to school and do the the test
3. Read Scripture
4. Have a prayer session
5. Get undone things in order

Today I want to be in constant prayer and live with a greater purpose and most importantly to lay my life down for CHRIST.  

Right now I am studying the IST1010 but I have not being studying from the beginning which is totally my fault. I am going to just be reading and not taking notes in order to save time and consume as much content as possible but with my new academic Plan I am going to be studying heavily and also be writing notes. 

When in my morning study session, I was lazy and did not feel like reading. But this is where discipline and my purpose comes in. One major thing why I was overwhelmed was because the task was bulky and I should have read earlier. This time should have been me going over my notes and polishing. That is a lesson learnt and will make adjustments immediately. 

I feel no purpose with social media because I know I am wasting time and it does not fulfill me. I only want to go there with an agenda. When I was in Instagram, I saw a reel where a man said you either sacrifice you short term pleasures and pursue you divine purpose or forsake your purpose for meaningless things that will never satisfy. 

I need to invest every second and be grateful for this opportunity God has give me and it needs to go back to him in praise. Do be lazy, attack the day and win for CHRIST. 

Today I have also learnt that when going to do anything, go with a Plan or else you will be overwhelmed. If you want to explode then overload, that is a saying I have made. I need to tackle tasks bit by bit and not procrastinate which may result in overloading. Time management is crucial in this. I did not do perfectly in my SUS1010 test yesterday because I was implementing this but we grow and learn and avoid a repeat. 

I have gone off course, I wandered off a bit by not doing God's will but my own in words, thoughts and actions. It began when playing football, I decided to go waste time instead of investing by doing GOD'S will. From there I started watching useless videos and doom scrolling. I started living in eutopia and living fantasies in my head. I need to make CHRIST Lord over all.

I also came with a plan for buying a motorcycle for my daily commuting, I do think that it is a great idea which should be taken into considerations. I need to find ways to invest into a motorcycle but first let me look at all factors the I shall decided whether to give a green light to the operation or give is a red flag. 

I need to have Christ as my only purpose. I need to live for him and only him because he is Lord over my life.

I struggles with time today, I was racing against time in order to reach class in good time for the exams. I need to work my time management skills and ensure I am always on time. Today there was a big risk of me missing the IST exams, but my God's help I was able to arrive 10mins later and luckily before the lecturer.

Today, when talking to the boda-boda guys, I was heavily stammering and I need to improve in that area, my speech should be relaxed and I should first speak in my head before gentle speaking it out. I also need to start working on my voice, by being mentored by the likes of Vinh Quang. I need to be a good public speaker also train to have a beautiful voice and be a natural on the stage before people. I will make time tomorrow to work on this matter.

Today, the IST Mid-Sem exam were not what I was expecting. Actually all the exams I have had so far have not been nice to me and that is totally my fault. I have simply not being reading. I will make a study plan tomorrow and work out how I will read everything in depth and catch up and even go ahead of the teacher. There has been a lesson for me to learn, If I don't constantly study the materials in-depth I will struggle in exams. The main point is to go deep into study and research, leaving nothing out and you will find the exams very simple. Study not because you have to or because of the exams, STUDY BECAUSE OF A DESIRE TO LEARN AND IMPROVE.

Today, I did my 32 Work-out plan and realized I had made it too hard for my level, and so I have toned it down and from the 25th which is tomorrow, I shall officially start the work-out plan giving it and hour daily. I also need to start eating a lot for muscle growth and to get the energy for the exercises. I also do need some fighting training because I do believe a man must be able of great violence in order to protect his family. That I will see what I can do about that tomorrow.

Today, I did not properly manage time for Bible study or prayer. That is totally unacceptable. I was tired and just decided to sleep. I need to manage my time to the fullest to the point when I going to bed, everything has been done for the day. I need to always also not forget my golden rule PLAN FOR TOMORROW, TODAY. IF YOU FAIL TO PREPARE THEN YOU PREPARE TO FAIL.
 
I need to also consult the lord before decision for guidance not to wander off.

Something else that I do want to speak about is courage. The spirit of the lord did not come to make us timid but to make us courageous. I need boldness, I should to look people into their eyes with courage and confidence in who I am. The man of GOD is the strong one who is strong in his identity and carries deep confidence in himself because he knows his identity. I say this because today I was afraid to look at someone straight in the eye, I looked weak and unsure, I looked hesitate. I need composure and confidence because I am a son of the most high.  

Today has been fully of a lot of things but it has come to an end. I have hopefully analyzed it well and I shall aim for better tomorrow. I thank God for today.

Thank you JESUS    