Today is day 140 of the year out of 365 days.

Today is fantastic day God had blesses me with, a day to serve, glorify and thank him. I woke up at 6:30AM and I have classes from 3.30PM to 7:10PM.My objectives of the day are:
1. Journaling
2. Completing my math assignment
3. Reading scripture
4. Prayer session
5. Learning how to study online and have a study timetable
6. Create my workout plan and timetable
7. I should start creating my financial plan
8. I need to reflect on the month, the year so far and current progress to goals

I have not journaled since Friday on the 16th and it is because I let my guard down, I stepped out from walking in the spirit and gave room for my flesh. I sinned by falling into pornography and masturbation. I let my temptation win and let it chain me up. After that, I fell condemned and did not run and battle it into prayer. I wasted my whole weekend because I ran from God. Yesterday night, that is on Monday night, I went and battle it out in prayer. I fought and GOD in his kindness, mercy and love, filled me with the Holy Spirit and   my heart was at peace. I felt no longer condemned but forgiven.

Truly yesterday night I learn't that my weakness should drive me to GOD and that there is no battle that cannot be won in prayer. Every time I fall I ought to run to prayer and wrestle with it in prayer and refuse to leave until GOD moves. I learn't that as a Christian I need to be addicted to prayer and the word.

I let my guard down and gave room for the flesh. That was my initial mistake, the devil is like a roaming lion ready to devour and so I need to always walk in the spirit. I need to die moment by moment so that CHRIST may live in me in thought, words and actions. NO Christian can do this: without deep prayer, without walking in the spirit, without the word, it is simply IMPOSSIBLE. 

Yesterday night by the power of the Holy Spirit, I was moved to share the gospel with my earthly father. I talked to him about what our true purpose should be and now we are going to have a family meeting tomorrow to talk about our purpose. This is a perfect opportunity ton share the gospel and that people may be changed and moved by the power of the holy spirit. Everything I do should be for MESSIAH, only for him, for his glory, for his praise, for his sake.

Today, I dedicate to JESUS that his will may be done. AMEN 

It is now also week 2 of my University journey, I need to also come back and reflect on it.

When I came back home, I started fantav

I the day has ended and it had not end on a good note. I did not walk as I ought to in Christ but tomorrow will be better.

Thank you 
