Today is day 133 of the year out of 365 days.

I am currently writing this from the USIU library as I wait for my class started from 3:30AM. I left home early because my dad wanted to show me a bus which will drop me near to school but we didn't find it. I headed to school and he told me he will find it and I guess he will show it to me another day.

I want to talk about many this but some of them are: 
1. My confidence in what I do
2. My Academic plan
3. My dressing and sweating 

I want to start from the blunder and sin I committed since yesterday when I returned home from school. 

Yesterday, I had a big problem and that same problem the same today. I was not in constant prayer, I let my thoughts, words and actions run wild instead of taming it under the control of Christ. When I arrived home, I did not plan my time at all, so I ended up wasting it on things that drove me away from my purpose and that could have been a good moment for the evil one to snach me. I wasted time and went to sleep without praying, journaling, reading scripture  and preparing for the next day. That was totally unacceptable. But something I watched on the TV that gave me alot of motivation and an insight on how greatness is achieved was while watching a video on how Kai cenat rose to become the greatest streamer of all time. I will come back and speak more on that later but now let me focus the errors.

Same thing today, I woke up at 2AM and cleaned up my room from the mess from last night and went back to sleep. I woke up again late at around 8:30AM. I did not pray, plan for the day or even read the Bible. I could have just taken a step back to correct things but in my head my time schedule was  tight because I was leaving home at 12PM. I took my clothes back to the tailor because she had not done a remarkable job yesterday and needed more work. I then washed my clothes because it was Pilling up and that was the last thing I wanted to deal with in my heavy schedule.

I then ironed my school clothes, showered, got ready for school and I am now here writing this journal at the school library. 
This what I will now is finish my activities here in USIU which will be at 7:10PM and then I will be home by 9:00PM. I will then have until 11:00PM to do what has to be done then go to sleep because I have to wake up at 5:00AM.

Things that I need to do are: 
1. Ensure yesterday's task's are done
2. Prayer session 
3. Read Scripture 
4. Prepare for tomorrow 
5. Know what consumes me

Let me know go on with my day, in constant prayer, walking in the Spirit and doing GOD'S WILL.

I have now gotten home from USIU. I left at 7:05PM and arrived home at around 8:30PM. I reached home at tested the trousers I left at the tailor and I that GOD because the are now all perfect. I change my clothes and went to eat pizza. I am now here at this moment journaling my day.

I want to reflect on somethings today. Firstly, I need to excel exponentially in my academics and so I vow to put mu best foot forward to it, I only have until end of 2027, so, I need to do my best and hope that GOD will open doors. I learnt that I can bring my laptop to school and use it in the library for deep studies. During my night class for math, I loved that class because I learnt a lot of life knowledge and met knew people. I learnt that to succeed in something you must have the right attitude towards it. You must love it and mentality is everything. I also learnt that I need to be more confident in myself, I need to take up role and be able to speak to people and be present. I also need to work on my stammering by reducing the pace of my speech. 

Now my life is all about JESUS, academic excellence, Finances and personal growth. Everything in my life that isn't making me more and more like Christ I have no interest.

Today I have a new feeling of purpose, one that I need to stay focused, on the grind, to keep moving and climbing. But what is my Goal, "TO BE A REFLECTION OF CHRIST".