Today is day 175 of the year out of 365 days.

Glory to GOD for I have been granted the gift of life this morning. I have woken up at 4:30AM and I am ready to serve CHRIST. I dedicated today in his hand. My desire today is that I seek CHRIST in all I do. I want to be an ambassador of CHRIST in my thoughts, words and actions. May JESUS grant me the strength to perform this purpose he gave me. AMEN

Today I have an IST1010 Mid-Semester exam at 3:30PM.
 My objectives for the day are:
1. Study for the test
2. Go to school and do the the test
3. Read Scripture
4. Have a prayer session
5. Get undone things in order

Today I want to be in constant prayer and live with a greater purpose and most importantly to lay my life down for CHRIST.  

Right now I am studying the IST1010 but I have not being studying from the beginning which is totally my fault. I am going to just be reading and not taking notes in order to save time and consume as much content as possible but with my new academic Plan I am going to be studying heavily and also be writing notes. 

When in my morning study session, I was lazy and did not feel like reading. But this is where discipline and my purpose comes in. One major thing why I was overwhelmed was because the task was bulky and I should have read earlier. This time should have been me going over my notes and polishing. That is a lesson learnt and will make adjustments immediately. 

I feel no purpose with social media because I know I am wasting time and it does not fulfill me. I only want to go there with an agenda. When I was in Instagram, I saw a reel where a man said you either sacrifice you short term pleasures and pursue you divine purpose or forsake your purpose for meaningless things that will never satisfy. 

I need to invest every second and be grateful for this opportunity God has give me and it needs to go back to him in praise. Do be lazy, attack the day and win for CHRIST. 

Today I have also learnt that when going to do anything, go with a Plan or else you will be overwhelmed. If you want to explode then overload, that is a saying I have made. I need to tackle tasks bit by bit and not procrastinate which may result in overloading. Time management is crucial in this. I did not do perfectly in my SUS1010 test yesterday because I was implementing this but we grow and learn and avoid a repeat. 

I have gone off couse, I wandered off abit by not doing God's will but my own in words, thoughts and actions. It began when playing football, I decided to go waste time instead of investing by doing GOD'S will. From there I started watching useless videos and doom scrolling. I started living in eutopia and living fantasies in my head. 

I also came with a plan for buying a motorcycle for my daily commuting and I will speak more on that later today.

I need to have Christ as my only purpose. I need to live for him and only him because he is Lord over my life.

I struggle with time today, I was racing against time inorder to reach class in good time for the exams. I need to work 

Not everything that glitters is Gold
  