Today is day 134 of the year out of 365 days.

Today is a beautiful day, Glory be to God. I have woken up early at 5:00AM. I have prayed to dedicated the day to JESUS and I have prepared for the day. I now want to shower and get dressed up for school.

My plan for today is that I should:
1. Go to school
2. Read Scripture 
3. Have a prayer session 
4. Listen to a sermon 
5. Study academic work
6. Exercise and also plan my workout schedule 
7. Plan my finances

Today, I want to properly utilize time. I want to be in constant prayer with Jesus. I want my words, thoughts and actions to reflect JESUS. I simply want today to be a godly day because success today for me is to walk in the spirit and crucifying the flesh. Success today is for me to walk with God.

Somethings that I learnt yesterday and didn't write them here include:
1. I can take my laptop to school
2. My new policy is that Friday is laundry day
3. I need to prepare for everything in advance 
4. I need to scan my Id to enter class as proof I was in class
5. I am how I spend my time, and so I need to invest it wisely and always be punctual 

I need to learn this, this is very important and very vital to my personal development. I need to be a good speaker. One who is fluent with words and can perfectly communicate with confidence, that is necessary. 

The day has come to an end and I do not like how it has ended.

Let me start with today's classes. When I was in my second class of the day with was SUS1010, I slept. That is unacceptable and wrong because it paints the wrong image of me. Apart form that, the classes were good, I only need to improve on my concentration. One thing I did not like today was how my confidence is soo low. I am gonna start during the noon when it was time for me to leave school and go home, there were many people outside and many groups of people walking together and stuff. I have no problem with that, other can live they way they want but I have to be like CHRIST. They can be themselves and I only pray that they have a real personal relationship with CHRIST and have purpose in their lives. The problem I have is with me. 

First of all, don't like how I present myself or how I think of myself and all that roots ton the fact that I wasn't in constant prayer. They way I speak, walk, act, think will all be godly when I am walking in the spirit. I need to be more friendly, open and social. I need to carry a smile and be excited to meet new people and not hide myself behind the screen like the rest of the world. This all about being more like CHRIST, building new networks and spreading the good news. When I was walking to the gate to leave USIU and when I was sited in the van, I felt intimidated, I felt like an outcast, I felt like the odd one because people were together and I was walking alone, sited alone. That also brought bad thoughts in my mind, thoughts in which I was know and belonged. I was looking at the world and I wanted to be like them. 

I want and will walk, be it alone or with someone, full of confidence because I have purpose and direction. I will look at the world and not what to be popular but to serve them and that they might have a look at Christ and they may serve him more and more. I will to walk confidence in myself because anyone who can stand before GOD can stand before man. I will look at them dead in the eyes and walk with direction and even if I feel or if they think I am weird or unfitting, I know that my identity is in CHRIST.

Something every important that I learn't today from Paul Washer is that Who you are in private, you are in public. They way I carry myself when no one is looking is who I am in public. Today I was heavily tempted by lust and fell by looking at those immoral photos. I did not guard my eyes and I let that spirit into my heart, I pray that ALMIGHTY GOD will forgive me and give strength and that I may walk in the spirit that I might protect myself for such evil. MY DESIRE IS NOT TO BE LIKE THE WORLD BUT LIKE CHRIST. MY DESIRE IS NOT TO BE FAMOUS, RICH OR COOL BUT TO BE LIKE THE ONE I LOVE.

Today has been bad, I came home early and instead on using my time wisely, I wasted my whole afternoon on social media and useless fantasies. I want every action I do to bring Glory to CHRIST. My set backs are evidences that I am limited but he is who is my mediator is unlimited. I need to surrender more to him and have a grind on him like a man who is drowning in the ocean.

Before I conclude, let me say this, I need ton chase hard after knowledge. I need to love learning. I need to bring godly energy into every thing because Christ did not give me a spirit to be timid but to be bold.

I have learn't from today and I need to rectify.
Goodnight.   
