Today is day 101 of the year out of 365 days.

Again I did not journal on 9th and 10th of April because of backsliding and laziness again. I fell into lust and fell by watching porn and fapping. That not necessarily where I fell because in my mind I already fell because I lusted with eyes and played with the sin in my mind which eventually swallowed me again living me more empty and more frustrated with myself because of the fact I cannot control myself.

I have failed so many times but I get more and more angry because I know too much to act like this again and again. I serious really need to run to God and the solution is always prayer. From 17:40PM, I will come and journal and have long meeting with myself for 1.5 hours. The agenda for the meeting will be this:
1. How can I cut sin from my life, what steps can be done to eliminate it
2. How can I grow my relationship with God more and more
3. My Goals review and daily do's
PLUS MAJOR TOPICS THAT MAY ARISE

What I want is simply this:
I want to cut off my sins and problems like: Lust, Porn, Fap, Living in eutopia, Laziness, Poor time management and ignoring Jesus. I want all those issue to leave, I know they wont leave in one moment but I want to formulate strategies to push them out gradually. Above all I want to strengthen my relationship with JESUS and grow more in to being CHRIST like. Once I am running the good race towards CHRIST, which will not be perfect, I can now start building my life on a rock foundation which is CHRIST. I turn 18 in less that 2 months and that will officially mark the start the start of my adult life and I want to live a Legendary life.

PERSONAL MEETING:
I have read all my 14 Goals for 2025 and on 2 of them and currently in progress while the rest in unstarted. That is really worrying because the papers show I am literally doing nothing and it is true that I am doing nothing.

First things first, the main underline problem that has cause a heavy toll on me and other pending tasks is that I am not PUTTING GOD FIRST. I have not made him center of everything. That is the main problem because it is him who gives me purpose.  


