Today is day 118 of the year out of 365 days.

This is my final day of fasting, and it is my prayer that my petitions have been heard and that they may be fulfilled. It is now Monday and on Thursday will mark a beginning of a new month of MAY. I only have two days left of April and I will come to review the month and year so far on Wednesday as I write new May Goal.

I had backslidden for a long time during this month and I don't know the exact date I went to God for repentance but I am now currently living for CHRIST and also guarding my mind, words, thoughts and actions.
This month, my phone has been a big distraction for me but I put in place a timer system on my social media apps which kept me doom scrolling. The system only gives me 45min daily for their use and when the time runs out, I cannot access the apps until the next day.

I forgot to journal yesterday but this is what happened. I went to Church, I preached the message of we need to reconcile ourselves to GOD. I also came home and read the entire book of 2 Corinthians. I don't remember much in detail but it was a good day. 

For me my daily must do's are really simple:
1. I must read scripture daily
2. Be in constant prayer
3.Seek holiness by seeking to be like CHRIST


I do currently have problems within myself I am currently trying to fix by God's help and they are:
1. Having ungodly thoughts
2. Poor time management

Next week Monday, I officially begin My university academic journey. This will officially be the first goal of 2025 I achieved. I have a lot to talk about on how things will be carried forward:
1. My football academy
2. How I will be a great student 
3. How my social life will, my friends, personality etc.
4. My financial plans
5. My physical plans
6. My career plan
7. Everything should be centered around Jesus and his will

I will come and heavily speak of this things on Wednesday.

Now to shift focus on today, it has been a fantastic day I did not wake up on time but I will improve tomorrow. My plans for the day are:
1. To Journal
2. To remind Father about my school fees
3. To listen to a sermon
4. To clean my room
5. To study scripture
6. To exercise
7. To have a prayer session

All is going well today and I pray that I may live today and my entire life in godly way as worship and obedience to him.
 
God has taught me that if I want to be a Christian who is soo close to God, one whom people look and say that man truly believe the world is perishing and Jesus is coming, just have obedience in him. Be obsessed with seeking him and being in his presence in all you do. Read Scripture and be a man of prayer. 

Also during this time in which I have been fasting I have learnt how the world and flesh deceives people. It promises you that if you indulge in her wickedness you will be fulfilled and okay. I have gone the entire day without food and my urges and flesh are strong promising me fulfillment once I eat but when I eat one plate of food I am full and not yet satisfied. Truly it is only God who can satisfy us because he made us for him.

I am currently about to go to sleep. It now about midnight at 00:25. I am going to sleep disappointed and unhappy with myself. I fell victim to distractions. I go into doom scrolling and I saw things I was supposed to. I did not guard my heart. My thought were purely ungodly and I started living in my false eutopia. I lost track of time so that affects wake up time tomorrow. I have not done right and I have heavily sinned. And so because of that I have de-activated my Instagram and have set my screen time to 3 hours daily. I am going to repent and ask for forgiveness. I need to be in constant prayer with GOD and live for his glory moment by moment. At that moment I die not die so Christ could live in me but I lived for myself and that is sin. I also watched sidemen, I feed my brain useless food and that is unacceptable.

I need to deeply repent. I need to die moment so that could live in me. I should be an ambassador for Christ. I cannot live for the world because I was set apart. I need to truly seek GOD.

GOODNIGHT 
