Today is day 135 of the year out of 365 days.

1. Distractions - IG, Youtube
2. Living in false realities
3. Waking up late
4. Not deep in scripture and prayer
5. Not walking in the spirit

I have listed just a few problems with me currently. I woke up every late and instead of praying, planning my day and jumping into action. I laid in bed doom scrolling. BAD START to the day but it doesn't have to end this way. I have prayed and I know God will make this day better and he will walk with me through out. Today, this is what I want to achieve:
1. 30 min prayer session
2. 2 Hour Bible study
3. To walk in the spirit and be in constant prayer
4. To go to school and learn

I pray GOD will protect me and lead me, in JESUS name, AMEN.
LET ME KILL TODAY BY GOD'S GRACE.

I need to also work on;
1. My financial plan
2. My Academic plan
3. Exercise schedule 
4. Bible study plan 
5. Seeking God

When I arrived at the bus station going to USIU, someone who looked broke asked for me to buy him food but I lied and said I had nothing. I feared that maybe I would be robbed or something. Everyone is suffering but it doesn't mean we should stop helping each other. I did wrong I should have helped, just as Scripture says, help not only by prayer and words of comfort but by action. 

Something else that I have learn't today is that:
You be you, you can not live life wanting validation from others. Follow Jesus and stop trying to please man. Once you start to wonder how people will think of you, you no longer live for CHRIST but for Man. And that is idolatry. 

Everyone is living their lives, NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU OR NO ONE IS LOOKING AT YOU, EVERYONE IS BUSY WITH THEMSELVES 

A man who has the confidence to be disliked or a man with confidence to walk a path alone while everyone is watching is one with purpose and knows where he is going and wants to be.

For a man to conquer, he must conquer him self first. If it is right, do it, Right is right even if all are against it.

It is now the final hours of the day I want to reflect on the day.

I arrived at USIU and did my first lesson on IST1010 which was quick and ended then went on to my next class which was MTH1109. I don't feel as if I walked with the presence of GOD enough today, I always had to remind myself and that is bad because I am lowering my guard. I need to always be in constant prayer and walking with the Spirit. I feel as if I was social but not enough, I need to learn how to be more social. I need to smile more, fix my body posture and greet people more often.

Do remember the mistake I did in the morning where I refused to help a poor man, God brought him again to ask for help, not literally the same guy but another poor man. I bought him a sausage but bad thing was that I forgot to share the gospel with him. My greatest desire is to be like CHRIST and one among many traits I must have is love, compassion and kindness.

My words, thoughts and actions were not fully good because I was not in constant prayer but I pray to GOD that he may help me. I did fall into the same mistake of doom scrolling in my bed and wasting time and feeding my brain a lot of garbage. By the power of GOD, I will over come this distractions because anything that doesn't lead me to CHRIST is a NO.

When in bed, I committed adultery in my head, I was having thoughts of possessing the body of my two female classmates in math class, Yolanda and Vany. I need to protect my mind and such is a disgrace in GOD'S eyes. I was also having heavy desires of having a girlfriend but my desire were lustful and not holy. I also cannot be looking for a GF because I need to focus on building myself in order to provide and take care of my future family.

Today I have also learn't that classes are just short summaries. If I want to pass and have knowledge, then I have to dig and find it by deeply reading personally. Another word of wisdom I picked today is "If you are internally confident then you will be externally confident".

I thank GOD for today and hope to see tomorrow and reflect more of CHRIST.

Thank you.
