Today is day 174 of the year out of 365 days.

I have gone for days and weeks living in pride and in the world, Wasting time and drowning in despair until I have had enough. All this time, I could not control myself, I did what I did not what to do, I was full of evil and hate. I do regret all of that but this is war.

This whole year has just been in chaos all because when faced with decisions, challenges, temptations and etc.    I have choose to leave God and go my way and it has always land me in misery. Every time living for GOD was hard and required effort, discipline, sacrifice, obedience, I choose to to go the other way instead of fighting the good fight and dying to self. I choose comfort over discomfort, self over CHRIST, and it has always left me broken. The entire year has just been me living in repetitive sin cycles and choosing the same choices every time. It has been chaos and just a really bad half year. I have not grown but let my life fall away.

I am soo and angry at myself. I have just been wanking off, doom scrolling, living in eutopia and just consuming instead of doing GOD's will. I refuse to change because I make the same wrong choices and what you do not change you choose. I have wasted a lot of life. I an now 18 years old living like a man who does not know God and doesn't know his purpose. What will I have to account for next year in my 19th birthday with this silly choices if not the pain of regret???? EVERY MAN MUST SUFFER ONE OF THESE TWO PAINS, THE PAIN OF DISCIPLINE OR THE PAIN OF REGRET. I AM 18 AND I HAVE OVER 62 YEARS GOD WILLING, WHAT DO I WANT TI HAVE ACHIEVED AT THE END. All I want is to lay to rest knowing I served my master.

Every time I fall, instead of quickly getting back up. I fall into despair and lay in slumber and lose hope and purpose. Why?????  I know what I must do, It is pointless for me to repeat because I know what I am must do but I do not do and I know why I do not do.

I will always fail, always live this cycle, always live in constant misery unless I die to self and let CHRIST live. Unless by the power of the HOLY SPIRIT, I can do nothing and will be useless. 

The main thing, the thing that is meant to wake me up, to push me, to drive me, to give me hope, to give me purpose is to SEEK CHRIST AND BE LIKE CHRIST. I am to die to self and lay down my life for him that my every action is to seek him and serve him. My love for CHRIST should imprison me that I make no move to left or the right unless it is his will. The thing that is to consume my heart is CHRIST. What is my purpose? TO BE LIKE CHRIST.  Unless this happens in my life, I shall be able to do nothing.

I know my problems, I know my struggles and this war against my flesh and the evil one but I have weapon that can conquer my struggles and bring victory. They are:
1. The reading of scripture in order to know more of CHRIST and his wisdom and knowledge
2. Having deep prayer sessions, not just light prayer or intercessory prayer but to tarry with God to seek him, to lay your burdens on CHRIST, to commune with him and meditate in his presence, to speak your deep heart to him.
3. Dying to self and letting CHRIST live moment by moment. It involves making that difficult choice, enduring pain and suffering for his sake and living in constant prayer that every step you make is godly.
4. To have a firm and strong identity in CHRIST. That CHRIST be more real in your life that 6000 people in a room.
5. Having faith in CHRIST that he is lord and able.

This is my prayer, 

I want a pivotal change in my life. I want to die moment by moment so CHRIST may live in me. I want to do the will of the father. I want to bleed scripture and be in constant prayer moment by moment. I want to pursue GOD with passion and love which consumes me. I want to surrender to his authority. When I stumble, I want not to fall into despair but immediately run to CHRIST in sorrow, cry for forgiveness and continue to run the race. No matter what, I shall not stop but keep moving to greater and greater highs. I want to suffer pain all for the glory of CHRIST. IN THE NAME OF JESUS, AMEN.

I need to get back in there and continue running the race, dust off and look forward. Now that I am back on my purpose, I need to do some damage assessment because of the time wasted, laziness etc.

I need to replan, re-structure and carry on.

The tasks I need to focus on making right and executing are:
1. Academics
2. Finance
3. Bible study
4. Religious studies 
5. Physical exercise
6. Personal development

My academics are not in order and I need to get a GPA of 3.5. I by the power of CHRIST shall do all to my fullest and for his Glory.

Thank you.