Today is day 74 of the year out of 365 days. It is now night time and I about to go sleep but I wanted to Journal about my day. I did not finish journaling yesterday because I became distracted and started doing ungodly things. I all started by me missing to read the Bible then I missed my Deep prayer session then missed my work-out and lastly missed out journaling. I ended up sleeping with mindlessly scrolling through social media and I also did not pray. 

That was totally wrong, What I did was I:
1.Started listening to ungodly music and it brought out bad emotion and thoughts in me
2.While listening to that music I was also having useless fantasies and living in eutopia

I cannot afford to be undiscipline in my action because I am not living my life for me but for him who is above. I need to be disciplined, break my phone addiction, hate laziness, and have proper time management.
Today, I have also decided to officially stop watching football, formula 1 and Youtube entertainment because they are just a waste of time and do not align with my purpose. It does not bring me joy but robs my time which I should instead be using to bring glory to JESUS.

Okay, I have now explained why I didn't finish journaling yesterday and the mistakes I did, now let me talk about today.

Today I woke at around 8 O'clock. I immediately woke-up and got read for the day. The thing I am really joyful   for is the fact I ran to GOD in prayer to forgive me for what I did yesterday. The things I have done today are:
1.Wash the utensils
2.Wash the living room
3.Wash my clothes
4.Read the Bible
5.Journaled
6.Worked-out

I did follow and do the thing I did set out to do today and I am grateful that GOD gave the strength to do so.
I do not journal on surface level about my day because I like to capture every key moment but for today I will have to do that.

I am going to brush my teeth, pray then sleep and hopefully by GOD'S grace I have another opportunity to serve him tomorrow. Tomorrow is a Sunday which I fully want to dedicated to him.

I still have to:
1.Set my Bible study plan
2.My book reading plan
3.My work-out plan
4.My financial plan

These thing I will by the power of CHRIST get to. 

Thank you.